# GoLang Exercises #2 - "Programming fundamentals"

## Hands-on exercise #1
  Write a program that prints a number in decimal, binary, and hex

  solution: https://play.golang.org/p/bAQxcEuK8O

## Hands-on exercise #2
  Using the following operators, write expressions and assign their values to variables:
    g. ==
    h. <=
    i. >=
    j. !=
    k. <
    l. >
  Now print each of the variables.

  solution: https://play.golang.org/p/76R-poSzaY

## Hands-on exercise #3
  Create TYPED and UNTYPED constants.
  Print the values of the constants.

  solution: https://play.golang.org/p/NutvJXWUx2

## Hands-on exercise #4
  Write a program that
    ● assigns an int to a variable;
    ● prints that int in decimal, binary, and hex;
    ● shifts the bits of that int over 1 position to the left, and assigns that to a variable;
    ● prints that variable in decimal, binary, and hex.

  solution: https://play.golang.org/p/Ms964T8SbH

## Hands-on exercise #5
  Create a variable of type string using a raw string literal.
  Print it.

  solution: https://play.golang.org/p/dLy36A-V-w

## Hands-on exercise #6
  Using iota, create 4 constants for the NEXT 4 years.
  Print the constant values.

  solution: https://play.golang.org/p/MDLF3v5EGT

## Hands-on exercise #6

- 01:
  Go emphasizes ease of programming.
  If you use the short declaration operator, you do not need to specify the type.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 02:
  How do computers work? (choose the most correct answer)

  - [ ] Who the heck knows!?!
  - [ ] Computers run on electricity. Electricity has two discrete states: on and off. We can use "coding schemes" to store messages associated with different states of on and off. "On" can represent one thing, and "off" can represent something else. We can then create billions of circuits which can be in "on" or "off" states to represent all kinds of things including sound, images, videos, text, and more.
  - [ ] Computers were invented by aliens and came to humans when an alien spacecraft crashed in Nevada. The spacecraft was stored at a special location now known as "Area 51." Humans were able to reverse engineer how the computers on the alien spacecraft worked and begin building our own computers. As a species, however, we still don't truly understand how computers work.

- 03:
  In relation to computers, what do zeros & ones represent? (choose the best answer)

  - [ ] States of preference. 1 is better than 0.
  - [ ] States of a circuit. 1 is on, and 0 is off.
  - [ ] States of confusion. 1 is very confused. 0 is no confusion, as in, "I have zero confusion, bro. I totally comprende, amigo."

- 04:
  A boolean value is one that is either true or false.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 05:
  If you have 5 porch lights, how many messages can you encode?

  - [ ] 8
  - [ ] 16
  - [ ] 32
  - [ ] 64
  - [ ] 128
  - [ ] What are you talking about? Porch lights? Messages?

- 06:
  The computer power symbol is cleverly a ZERO and a ONE.
  This is pretty neat as ZERO represents OFF and ONE represents ON, which is exactly what a power symbol allows you to do - turn something ON and OFF.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false
  - [ ] only on Wednesday

- 07:
  "Bit" is an abbreviation of "binary digit".

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 08:
  ON & OFF, 1 & 0, Binary Digits, Bits, and Machine Language are all words used to refer to this idea that, within a computer, it's all nothing but a bunch of ZERO's and ONE's, or switches that are ON or OFF, it's all just a bunch of Binary Digits, or Bits, that's the language which computers speak, it's machine language.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 09:
  circuits, switches, transistors, and even "gates" are all words used to refer to this thing within a computer that can either be ON or OFF. It's a circuit, it's a switch, it's a gate that can either be OPENED or CLOSED, it's a transistor - you will learn that people use all of those words to talk about this same thing, this ability of computers to store ON / OFF states.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 10:
  The world's most popular text coding scheme today is:

  - [ ] ASCII
  - [ ] UTF-8
  - [ ] JIS
  - [ ] W EUROPE

- 11:
  1000 bytes =

  - [ ] 1 TB
  - [ ] 1 GB
  - [ ] 1 MB
  - [ ] 1 KB

- 12:
  1000 GB =

  - [ ] 1 TB
  - [ ] 1 GB
  - [ ] 1 MB
  - [ ] 1 KB

- 13:
  Consult this link https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transistor_count and then choose the number of transistors (aka circuits, switches, "lightbulbs" in my porch analogy) which can be found on processors today. Choose the answer below which is CLOSEST to what is presented on the wikipedia page.

  - [ ] 50+ Billion
  - [ ] 50+ Million
  - [ ] 50+ Thousand
  - [ ] 50+

- 14:
  How many circuits (aka transistors, switches, "lightbulbs" in my porch analogy) did the Eniac computer have?

  - [ ] 160
  - [ ] 1,600
  - [ ] 16,000
  - [ ] 1,600,000

- 15:
  rune is an alias for int32.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 16:
  byte is an alias for uint8.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 17:
  If you use type int, then the compiler will choose whether int32 or int64 is used.
  Another way to say this is that int has implementation-specific sizes.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 18:
  As a rule of thumb, for numeric types, you should just use "int" for whole numbers (without decimals) and "float64" for real numbers (with decimals).

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 19:
  A string is a sequence of bytes.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 20:
  Go source code is always UTF-8.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 21:
  A string is a sequence of bytes that represent Unicode code points, called runes.

  - [ ] true
  - [ ] false

- 22:
  What is a coding scheme?

  - [ ] a "coding scheme" is a scheme to defraud bank customers of their "money."
  - [ ] a "coding scheme" is a way to have circuits in on/off positions represent something else, like letters in the alphabet for instance.
  - [ ] a "coding scheme" is used by biologists to refer to the communication protocols of the Proboscis monkey.

- 23:
  What is the number 42 in decimal?

  - [ ] 42
  - [ ] 101010
  - [ ] 2A
  - [ ] I skipped the numeral system video.

- 24:
  What is the number 42 in binary?

  - [ ] 42
  - [ ] 101010
  - [ ] 2A

- 25:
  What is the number 42 in hex?

  - [ ] 42
  - [ ] 101010
  - [ ] 2A

### Todd McLeod - Learn To Code Go on Udemy
